User notification mechanism for Wallet Unit revocation (#764)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-instance-revocation.rst

- **PID Providers** when notified by the Authentic Source of the PID (ANPR) of the User's death.
- **Legal Authorities or the Supervisory Body** in cases of proven illegal activities.

.. _fig_Wallet_Instance_Revoc_Entities:
.. plantuml:: plantuml/wallet-instance-revocation-entities.puml
    :width: 99%
    :alt: The figure illustrates the Entities involved in the Wallet Instance revocation process.
    :caption: `Entities involved in the Wallet Instance revocation process. <https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/svg/fPFVYnCn4CVVzwyO-s8F15_kKUIyTi6AFqfx8iB1acx6DhXDQZBPkeh_kpCnsyN6DmibP9gPxsU-CxqBf3p5OmUr9KC60nZRkwv73SO27H0-gQv3WfNbfxP5yDYxLf5n5axUjHX2zSJOjeiQuSNYzldYjbcuuybPjFIogbwlbdMpVQWtzOU7p-jwVbDLQ_J1sNaCw9_1x2CVCpuJm03kR8tT9-L7UwKzu-Hx5wrMVfYVqszD60BXaVFpssswpsxWPmNykQ2CxqsknHdNrJaattVAgZq64Bwd0PPcRqXriF2eaHbL5vZZdxNPZzvexceilSw1iNI-Xy9KPJMSSGSisPiMHU5NLKq2Aj91nDickEWJ_Qin1DiKAZJ4M514tkmYyPrSSdKLGaIV58-vKmdtgZDQ1i1451bWKc_gxty8d3S_K3SxfmS1k4GkopCoRED96WdE3t3FhvFQcwXDo_P1JgH1vZdrQ1AOTB1Q5iubwl0NjJoJUtOzN1jOLHliyfPT3wWOFcocjTxWDzOYAI4LYjnoaoJvQ_5N4GWf88tzBqIv01UxtZioNmOPjwphezMew92bYwcL33bznV6z3ASbqwTXPkdcRUb033YbikJ4pKbtQ7KyThy1>`_

> Regardless of who triggered the revocation, the Wallet Provider MUST implement a mechanism to inform Users when their Wallet Unit is revoked by:
> 
> - Sending an out-of-band alert (e.g., email or SMS) as the primary notification method, or using the Wallet Unit itself if preferred.
> - Delivering the notification within 24 hours at most.
> - Including a clear, user-friendly explanation of why the revocation occurred, with any relevant technical details if a security issue was involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of who triggered the revocation, the Wallet Provider has to inform Users when their Wallet Unit is revoked, according to the following requirements:

- Out-of-band alerts (e.g., email or SMS) MUST be sent as the primary notification mechanism alongside the Wallet Unit itself.
- The alert MUST occur within 24 hours from the effective Wallet Unit revocation.
- A user-friendly explanation about the reason of the revocation MUST be provided to the User alongside with the instruction to reactive the Wallet Unit if possible.
```
